ACD-1041_DHII (#84)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: DataHub/UserInterface/06_AttributesTab.md

[!!Manage an attribute](../Integration/01_ManageAttributes.md)

# Attributes tab

*Any module containing entity types > Select entity type > Tab Attributes*

![Attributes](../../Assets/Screenshots/PIM/Products/List/Attributes/AttributesEdit.png "[Attributes]")

This tab is not part of the *DataHub* module, but it is used in many other *Core1 Platform* modules that refer to information coming from the *DataHub* module.

**Attributes**  

The list displays all attributes that define the selected entity. An entity is a data object that can be identified uniquely and is defined by means of its attributes. An entity can be a *PIM* product or an *Omni-Channel* offer, but also a business document, such as a dispatch note. 

> Depending on the entity, you can edit different attribute values. For example, in the case of the entity *PIM* single product, displayed in the screenshot, you can edit the product name, the long text, EAN code, assign images for a product, etc. The attribute values you can edit vary from one entity to another. The fields of the attribute values that cannot be edited are locked. To edit an attribute or create a new one, you have to go to the *DataHub* module. For detailed information, see [Manage the attributes](../Integration/01_ManageAttributes.md).     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the entity, you can edit different attribute values. For example, in the case of the entity *PIM* single product, displayed in the screenshot, you can edit the product name, the long text, EAN code, assign images for a product, etc. The attribute values you can edit vary from one entity to another. The fields of the attribute values that cannot be edited are locked. To edit an attribute or create a new one, you can use the *DataHub* module. For detailed information, see [Manage the attributes](../Integration/01_ManageAttributes.md).     
```

> Depending on the entity, you can edit different attribute values. For example, in the case of the entity *PIM* single product, displayed in the screenshot, you can edit the product name, the long text, EAN code, assign images for a product, etc. The attribute values you can edit vary from one entity to another. The fields of the attribute values that cannot be edited are locked. To edit an attribute or create a new one, you have to go to the *DataHub* module. For detailed information, see [Manage the attributes](../Integration/01_ManageAttributes.md).     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the entity, you can edit different attribute values. For example, in the case of the entity *PIM* single product, displayed in the screenshot, you can edit the product name, the long text, EAN code, assign images for a product, etc. The attribute values you can edit vary from one entity to another. The fields of the attribute values that cannot be edited are locked. To edit an attribute or create a new one, you can use the *DataHub*  module or the *PIM* module for product-related attributes. For detailed information, see [Manage the attributes](../Integration/01_ManageAttributes.md).     
```
